Provide an option to force login after reset credentials (#36856)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/server_admin/topics/login-settings/forgot-password.adoc

The text sent in the email is configurable. See link:{developerguide_link}[{developerguide_name}] for more information.

> When users click the email link, {project_name} asks them to update their password, and if they have set up an OTP generator, {project_name} asks them to reconfigure the OTP generator. By default the flow maintains the user logged in if the same authentication session (same browser) was used. Depending on security requirements of your organization, you may not want users to reset their OTP generator through email and/or you may want to force them to re-login after the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When users click the email link, {project_name} asks them to update their password, and if they have set up an OTP generator, {project_name} asks them to reconfigure the OTP generator. By default, the flow maintains the user who is logged in if the same authentication session (same browser) was used. Depending on the security requirements of your organization, you may not want users to reset their OTP generator through email or you may want to force them to login again after the process.
```

image:images/reset-credentials-flow.png[Reset Credentials Flow]
+
If you do not want to reset the OTP, set the `Reset - Conditional OTP` sub-flow requirement to *Disabled*.
+
.Send Reset Email Configuration
image:images/reset-credential-email-config.png[Send Reset Email Configuration]
+

> If the user needs to re-login after the password change, click *Send Reset Email* settings icon in the flow, define an *Alias* and set *Force login after reset* to *On*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user needs to login again after the password change, click the *Send Reset Email* settings icon in the flow, define an *Alias*, and enable *Force login after reset*.
```
